fix(ruler): properly read OrgID from context (#3343)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Use a valid grpc header when logging IP addresses. #3307
* [BUGFIX] Fixed the metric `cortex_prometheus_rule_group_duration_seconds` in the Ruler, it wouldn't report any values. #3310
* [BUGFIX] Fixed gRPC connections leaking in rulers when rulers sharding is enabled and APIs called. #3314

> * [BUGFIX] Fixed orgID loading in the ruler api when running without auth. #3343

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fixed tenant detection in the ruler and alertmanager API when running without auth. #3343
```
